README.md, before:

# Newsletter Server

A server that controls newsletter service of sending emails to subscribers.

## Development

This project uses [Trunk based development](https://cloud.google.com/solutions/devops/devops-tech-trunk-based-development). In trunk-based development we should be able to deploy our main branch at any point in time.

To speed up the linking phase (compile and run) you have to install the alternative linker on your machine and add this
configuration file to the project:

```yml
# .cargo/config.toml
# On Windows
# ```
# cargo install -f cargo-binutils
# rustup component add llvm-tools-preview
# ```
[target.x86_64-pc-windows-msvc]
rustflags = ["-C", "link-arg=-fuse-ld=lld"]
[target.x86_64-pc-windows-gnu]
rustflags = ["-C", "link-arg=-fuse-ld=lld"]
# On Linux:
# - Ubuntu, `sudo apt-get install lld clang`
# - Arch, `sudo pacman -S lld clang`
[target.x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu]
rustflags = ["-C", "linker=clang", "-C", "link-arg=-fuse-ld=lld"]
# On MacOS, `brew install michaeleisel/zld/zld`
[target.x86_64-apple-darwin]
rustflags = ["-C", "link-arg=-fuse-ld=/usr/local/bin/zld"]
[target.aarch64-apple-darwin]
rustflags = ["-C", "link-arg=-fuse-ld=/usr/local/bin/zld"]
```

We can also mitigate the impact on our productivity by reducing the perceived compilation time -
i.e. the time you spend looking at your terminal waiting for cargo check or cargo run to complete.

Tooling can help here - let’s install cargo-watch:

```bash
cargo install cargo-watch
```

cargo-watch monitors your source code to trigger commands every time a file changes.
For example:

```bash
# this will run cargo check after every code change.
cargo watch -x check
```

cargo-watch supports command chaining as well:

```bash
# 1. It will start by running cargo check.
# 2. If it succeeds, it launches cargo test.
# 3. If tests pass, it launches the application with cargo run.
cargo watch -x check -x test -x run
```

For code coverage, let's install `cargo-tarpaulin`:
```bash
cargo install cargo-tarpaulin
```

For example:
```bash
# compute code coverage and ignore test functions
cargo tarpaulin --ignore-tests
```

Commit message:

docs: add cargo watch script and document in README.md file

README.md, after:

# Newsletter Server

A server that controls newsletter service of sending emails to subscribers.

## User Story

We are fulfilling these user stories:

* ***As a*** blog **visitor**, ***I want to*** subscribe to the newsletter, ***So that*** I can receive email updates when new content is published on the blog;
* ***As a*** blog **author**, ***I want to*** send an email to all my subscribers, ***So that*** I can notify then when new content is published;
* ***As a*** **subscriber**, ***I want to*** be able to unsubscribe from the newsletter, ***So that*** I can stop receiving email updates from the blog.

We are adding features to:

- [ ] - manage multiple newsletters;
- [ ] - segment subscribers in multiple audiences;
- [ ] - track opening and click rates.

## Development

This project uses [Trunk based development](https://cloud.google.com/solutions/devops/devops-tech-trunk-based-development). In trunk-based development we should be able to deploy our main branch at any point in time.

To speed up the linking phase (compile and run) you have to install the alternative linker on your machine and add this
configuration file to the project:

```yml
# .cargo/config.toml
# On Windows
# ```
# cargo install -f cargo-binutils
# rustup component add llvm-tools-preview
# ```
[target.x86_64-pc-windows-msvc]
rustflags = ["-C", "link-arg=-fuse-ld=lld"]
[target.x86_64-pc-windows-gnu]
rustflags = ["-C", "link-arg=-fuse-ld=lld"]
# On Linux:
# - Ubuntu, `sudo apt-get install lld clang`
# - Arch, `sudo pacman -S lld clang`
[target.x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu]
rustflags = ["-C", "linker=clang", "-C", "link-arg=-fuse-ld=lld"]
# On MacOS, `brew install michaeleisel/zld/zld`
[target.x86_64-apple-darwin]
rustflags = ["-C", "link-arg=-fuse-ld=/usr/local/bin/zld"]
[target.aarch64-apple-darwin]
rustflags = ["-C", "link-arg=-fuse-ld=/usr/local/bin/zld"]
```

We can also mitigate the impact on our productivity by reducing the perceived compilation time -
i.e. the time you spend looking at your terminal waiting for cargo check or cargo run to complete.

Tooling can help here - let’s install cargo-watch:

```bash
cargo install cargo-watch
```

cargo-watch monitors your source code to trigger commands every time a file changes.
For example:

```bash
# this will run cargo check after every code change.
cargo watch -x check
```

cargo-watch supports command chaining as well:

```bash
# 1. It will start by running cargo check.
# 2. If it succeeds, it launches cargo test.
# 3. If tests pass, it launches the application with cargo run.
cargo watch -x check -x test -x run
# Or run the bash script
./dev-watch.sh
```

For code coverage, let's install `cargo-tarpaulin`:
```bash
cargo install cargo-tarpaulin
```

For example:
```bash
# compute code coverage and ignore test functions
cargo tarpaulin --ignore-tests
```
